docs: Cross Program Linelisting Dimensions endpoint [DHIS2-13411] (#1059)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/developer/web-api/analytics.md

- `BOOLEAN`
- `TRUE_ONLY`

### Tracked Entities analytics dimensions

#### Tracked Entities query analytics dimensions { #webapi_teis_query_analytics_dimensions }

The `/analytics/teis/query/dimensions?trackedEntityType=TET` resource accepts a mandatory id of a tracked entity type `TET` and returns the following data dimensions:

> for each program `P` such that a Tracked Entity Instance of type `TET` can register in program `P` :

Reviewer: Should we use all lowercase as we do for program, data element, etc.?
`Tracked Entity Instance` -> `tracked entity instance`

> for each program `P` such that a Tracked Entity Instance of type `TET` can register in program `P` :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for each program `P` associated with a tracked entity instance of type `TET`:
```

> - **Program indicators** connected to `P`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Program indicators** associated to `P`
```

- **Data elements** of *supported types* in `P`, with program stage for each data element
- **Tracked entity attributes** of *supported types* associated with the program that are not confidential

> - **Program Attribute** of `P`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Program attributes** of `P`
```
